it's fishy about food or not they're not
really allowed to be out of it I think
the worst mistake you can ever make the
kids is if they say I don't like it -
then say okay I'll do something else you
know it really is a case of what you
know there's nothing else and you're not
having dessert so they can go straight
in the pan these ones if you wouldn't
mind also she's doing a curry later kids
into cars yes a young age in it very you
mentioned the fact don't give him a
choice there's no I I didn't have a
choice when I was kid you literally get
what you give him and your taste bud
change very very quickly though they do
they do but the more you introduce to
children at this age I think you know
the more chance you have of them are
being sort of more open to different
tastes yeah so everything in everything
chop the garlic or not yes please do you
like your garlic there you go give me a
little bit to gnaw on there you go thank
you lovely right so that's that one
garlic straighten and the chicken is on
the bone yeah and you can buy skinless
chicken breast but it's more expensive
so you may as well just actually buy
chicken breast and just you know peel
the skin off and usually I mean chicken
breast but you've got the thigh to you
because I mean it's so inexpensive the
thighs as well yeah absolutely
I mean you can't you can use either
thighs on the bone I think it really
nice because the Kiska meant you know
yeah it's good for them to actually have
the independence of of actually you know
using a knife and fork I'm not just
having everything into small bite-sized
pieces I think that's one of the things
that my kids are at that stage where
they can't be babied so much at all so
in with the tomatoes and lettuce stop no
you took they took the skin off a
chicken the chicken as well that's a lot
of fats on them on the skin as well less
fat I mean my kids do enjoy chicken skin
I have to be honest but if you're not
going to be to be frying it or grilling
it and it's not going to get crispy it's
not really you know a nice way to eat it
and also I know it's roughly about 20 P
more to buy chicken with this skin off
comes back to the convenience factor
doesn't it and I actually used to work
in one restaurant where they've put
chilli flakes on the crispy skin and
charged people seven quid for
wasn't Gardens for the just a little bit
of seasoning obviously with children you
can't use it a lot of salt but if you
are going to turn this dish around for
your evening meal after a little bit of
Worcester sauce a little bit of you know
more pepper a little bit more salt so
just literally just check the chicken in
the chicken in I cook this 45 minutes to
an hour right you know just make sure
the chicken is covered by the stock and
you know that you do get more liquid
coming out of the chicken and from the
vegetables so cover it with a lid while
you wash hands
so now you're serving it with just some
distant place in plain basmati rice
which is fantastic because again that
really does matter rice really it soaks
up some of this stock juices and you've
got all the goodness there give you that
thank you
soon we'll have a little bit of a
masterclass I don't have a masterclass
on cooking rice because he's gonna get
me to cook it quickly no particularly in
the UK I wouldn't recommend that at all
because it gets a bit stodgy right other
thing is treating it delicately cooking
it really totally well a bit like this
lovely stew you're not going to complain
about my presentation I'm not going to
complain about the presentation as well
I'm there with a cloth doing a little
Chevy white mad it's much better cooking
for kids they never complain I shall
leave it there not complain at all so
reminders what that is again that is
chicken and butter bean casserole lovely
you